Documentation: Closes issue-533 (#540)
weaveworks/ignite: docs/dependencies.md

- A host running Linux 4.14 or newer
- `sysctl net.ipv4.ip_forward=1`
- loaded kernel loop module: `modprobe -v loop`

> - Optional: `sysctl net.bridge.bridge-nf-call-iptables=0`, which requires kernel module `br_netfilter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional: `sysctl net.bridge.bridge-nf-call-iptables=0`
  - set to 0 to ignore Host iptables rules for bridges
  - set to 1 to apply Host iptables rules to bridges (common with container network policies)
  - requires kernel module `br_netfilter`
  - [libvirt reference](https://wiki.libvirt.org/page/Net.bridge.bridge-nf-call_and_sysctl.conf)
```

Author: Nice.  Thanks.
